Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
BANSHEE SHERIFF'S DEPARTMENT
Is the sheriff in?
Sheriff Lotus is in a meeting.
Can I help you?
I have information he needs to hear.
Can I help you, ma'am?
He wants you to know he won't stop.
Taking those girls was
just the beginning.
- What is this?
- He wants you to see.
You will all see.
What the hell are you doing?
Don't! No!
Don't do it!
Calvin.
Where have you been?
What happened to you?
Is that blood?
- Calvin. Cal...
- Quiet.
Get... stop, please. Stop.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Nothing, just not so rough.
- Please.
- Jesus.
Wait a second. Are you
screwing somebody else?
What? No. Of course not.
We haven't fucked in months. What is it?
You just...
you scared me.
You scared me.
What happened? What's going on?
What happened to you?
No, Calvin.
Calvin. Calvin.
Shower's all yours.
Help yourself.
Not really my thing.
You know, I started out in undercover.
Pretty white chicks have to go a little
bit further to prove themselves.
So it was either fuck 'em
or smoke their shit.
Sometimes it was both.
You don't have to
explain yourself to me.
I've been meaning to kick it.
But when you spend your days
up to your neck in this shit,
sometimes I got to get
out of my own head.
Do I need to worry about you?
No.
Might be nice if you did.
Wow, you, my friend, have
some intimacy issues.
Thanks for letting me crash.
Could have shared the bed.
Just saying.
Who the fuck are you?
Maggie.
- Kurt.
- What's wrong?
- It... it's...
- You want to sit for a second?
No, I don't want to sit.
Helen, you think you could get Hank here
one of those snacks
that you keep upstairs?
Sure. Hi, Hank.
Want to come with me?
Thank you.
Come here.
What happened? Did he hurt you?
That motherfucker.
I left. I couldn't be in
that house another second.
- He let you leave?
- He doesn't know.
I just grabbed Hank
and packed things and...
I don't even know where I'm going, Kurt.
- You'll stay with me.
- I can't.
That's the first place
he's gonna come look.
Not if I find him first.
No.
No, I have to think about Hank.
Kurt,
I think he killed my father.
Randall's dead?
I don't know. They left
together and then...
and then Calvin... and
he was covered in blood.
And... and then he...
it was... he was terrifying.
Okay.
It's okay.
That's my mother's sweater.
It is.
She never wears it.
- It looks good on you.
- Most things do.
You best clean that glass up
before your mother gets home.
Yeah, I'll get right on that.
So how do you fit into
this whole shit show?
Your mother and your father and I
go way back.
Yeah? Which father?
The one that gave you that smart mouth.
Got it.
So is she Carrie or Ana to you?
There weren't no Carrie
before I invented her.
Well, I could use a
shiny new life myself.
You want to hook me up?
I figure you owe me.
Ain't you the fucked-up
little delinquent?
Hey, I'm just trying to play
the shitty hand I was dealt.
Girl, what you were dealt
were two parents who would
kill or die for you.
That's a hell of a lot more
than most people got.
Deva.
What are you doing here?
Missed you, too, Mom.
I'm just surprised to see you.
You changed the locks on the door again.
Sorry, I should have told you.
- Does Grandma know you're here?
- I left her a note.
I really don't think they'll miss me.
- Deva.
- I'm not going back, Mom.
There's no Wi-Fi and it
smells like ass there.
- Honey, if the court finds out...
- They won't.
- I know I can keep a secret.
- You stay out of this.
If it makes it any easier, you
really don't have a choice.
All right, so why don't
we just arrest Calvin?
She'll never testify against him.
She's terrified.
She thinks Calvin killed her father.
Does Calvin know?
- Does Calvin know what?
- About you two.
- No.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
- 'Cause you didn't think I could tell
and it took me all of about
10 seconds to see it.
Now, granted, I'm a
smarter than average cop
- and he's a hatemongering asshole.
- Calvin doesn't know.
They can stay at my place.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Just until you find a way
to take your brother down.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Hey, you okay, by the way?
This morning, the burning.
Must have hit pretty close to home?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Can't... get that smell out of my head.
It takes a while.
SUNNYSIDE CLEANERS
- Can I help you?
- I highly doubt it.
You can't go back there.
- You can't go back there.
- I know.
That's the swelling, babe.
They'll soften up...
- Sweet Jesus.
- Hey, hey, you can't be in here.
And yet I am. FBI.
Honey, get out of here.
Dr. David Quick.
I have been looking for you.
What's up, Doc?
Why don't you take a seat?
Should we try that again?
Performing breast augmentation
after being stripped of your medical
license, now, that's a felony.
We don't perform any procedures here.
Tiffany is a friend of mine.
She asked me to look at
her boob job, that's all.
- So why'd you run?
- I don't like cops.
Hey, you can't go in there, buddy.
You got a warrant?
I don't need one.
I'm not a cop.
Yeah, look, we can go down that road,
but it's tangled and boring and
in the end, you'll still lose.
Or you can answer a few questions
and I'll forget we ever met.
Over here.
Okay.
What do you want to know?
- Body modifications.
- What about it?
- You do it?
- Now and then. It's a growing field.
So you must do some
pretty fucked-up shit.
Not as fucked up as
the shit I turn down.
You wouldn't believe the
kind of things people want.
Hey, Jesus, man!
Shit's expensive.
I'm looking for a guy
with horn implants.
- You ever do anything like that?
- Yeah.
Well, then whip out your files, Doc.
We don't keep files on
that kind of stuff.
I can't imagine devil horns
is a common request.
They're more common than you think.
It's Satan's country out here.
Yeah, but still, it's pretty unique,
even for a guy like you.
Who was the last guy you did?
I'm sure you remember something.
The kind of people who want this shit,
they're not exactly model citizens.
I take cash in advance. I
don't even ask their names.
How convenient for you.
This is bullshit.
I'm gonna call my lawyer.
Let's go.
He doesn't know anything.
This has not been a satisfying
conversation for me, Dr. Quick.
If I were you, I'd call me.
Thank you.
I barely started working that guy.
He wasn't gonna talk.
This might help.
That was on his desk.
You, my friend, have
some serious skills.
He was watching you the
whole time, so was I.
- How'd you do it?
- That's the trick, isn't it?
Just when I thought I'd seen it all.
Wow, amazing what low self-esteem
can do to a sociopath.
BANSHEE CITY HALL
I've been trying to reach you.
I've been busy.
We have a problem, Deputy Cruz?
Not at all. But speaking of problems,
remember that matter you
asked me to look into?
- Yeah.
- I looked into it.
You found him?
No, I found her.
Exhibit number four was also turned in
to our hearing officer five
days before this trial began.
Now, if it pleases the court,
you'll note that the photograph
shows the remnants of a
crushed back side door.
- This photograph was taken at
the scene... - Mrs. Hopewell.
...of a hit-and-run five months
back at the intersection...
I'm seeing you around the
courthouse quite often these days.
Taking an interest in the law?
You could say that.
You know, I never really had the chance
to offer my condolences for
the loss of your husband.
You hated Gordon.
No, didn't hate him.
I respected him.
I never took it personally.
I'd like to think he didn't either.
He did.
Well, either way, I was very
sorry to hear about it.
I'm sorry about your niece.
We both suffered a great loss.
You know, sometimes a loss like that
clouds the judgment.
Makes us do things impulsively.
Things we might regret.
Do you know what I mean?
No, not really.
No? Well, I'd watch out for it.
You still have so much to lose.
I guess we all do.
I suppose we both
should be more careful.
Remember me, sunshine?
Yeah, the bitch who didn't know
when to stop asking questions.
You remembered. I'm so flattered.
I'm also the bitch with the badge.
Did I not mention that the other day?
- I don't want any trouble, all right?
- Now that's the spirit.
We're looking for a
guy with devil horns.
- You got people like that in here?
- Yeah, body mods.
Right, well, this guy is killing girls.
Why don't you scroll through here,
see if you recognize anyone?
Look, most of the so-called Satanists
that come in here are tourists.
They're assholes looking
to be more edgier
and bad-ass than they really are.
With the exception of this guy.
Who's this?
That's Bode. Declan Bode.
He's a hardcore ritualist.
- Does he come here often?
- Nah, used to a while back.
Feeling people out. Maybe looking
for followers. I don't know.
Nobody took to the guy 'cause
he was a little too committed.
So you're talking about a
guy who was so twisted,
he creeped out other Satanists? Got it.
- Where do we find him?
- Fuck if I know.
- You knew his name. - Yeah, and
that's all I'm telling you, cop.
- Where do we fucking find him?!
- I don't fucking know, man.
- Where?!
- I don't fucking know.
The fucking guy thinks the Devil
works through him, all right?
One night the freak comes in here,
starts spouting off about how
he's talking to Lucifer.
I tell him he's full of shit. Guy takes
the paring knife out of my hand,
starts peeling back his
fingernails one by one,
smiling the whole time.
Then he orders a drink.
Who the fuck does that?
Someone we should meet.
See? When we're helping, we're happy.
Yeah? Well, that's interesting.
Okay.
All right, thanks. I'll call you back.
Our boy Declan Bode doesn't
have much of a footprint.
No known address. No relatives.
But he does have a prior.
He was convicted of statutory rape
15 years ago next county over.
- Girl's name is sealed.
- Can we get it unsealed?
Yes, but I will need a court order,
which won't happen until tomorrow.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Don't you have any
judges you can wake up?
It might surprise you to learn
I'm not very popular among
the federal judges.
All right, so what do we do now?
Now we wait.
Just wait?
Yeah.
Great.
You're not built for downtime, are you?
The way you move, the way you pace,
the way you want to
push through every wall
without even looking for the
door or the key to that door.
You have a point?
That's not the temperament of a man
who worked his way up
through law enforcement.
Put my feet to the fire,
I'd say you're more criminal than cop.
You don't know me.
I know you can't sit still.
I'm guessing you were once made to
for a very long time and
you didn't like it.
You check the corners every
time you enter a room.
That's not police training.
That's survival.
Your demeanor towards me is complicated.
You have trouble making eye contact.
It's not lack of confidence.
You've got a secret.
Or secrets.
Maybe I just don't like you.
But you do.
Don't you?
You think you know me?
Let me tell you something.
You have no fucking idea.
Yeah, I check the corners because
for as long as I can remember,
there's always been someone waiting
there to get the jump on me.
And I don't stay still
'cause every time I do,
someone close to me fucking dies!
I'm sorry.
No, you're not.
No, I'm not.
It's nothing.
Hey.
What is it?
I'm sorry.
There is a serial killer out there...
- It's terrifying.
- I know, baby. I know.
- I'll take patrol.
- It's my shift.
No, I'm pulling rank. I've
got to get out of this zoo.
Okay.
BANSHEE COUNTY
SHERIFF DEPARTMENT
Someone there?
Shit.
Burning the midnight oil, I see.
This is not the place to
talk business, Calvin.
That's fine because we no longer
have any business to discuss.
The Brotherhood no longer works for you.
- Is that so?
- Yes, that is so.
Well, that's unfortunate.
Not from where I'm sitting.
I can't help but wonder what
Watts will think about this.
Well, why don't we ask him?
What do you think, Randall?
Seems the cat got Watts's tongue.
That's a bold choice.
Yeah.
I thought you'd like that.
So here's how it's gonna work.
Everything that's yours is now ours.
Warehouses, shipments, buyers,
I fucking want all of it.
You can go quietly or you can go bloody,
but either way you are gone.
You can keep the head as a souvenir.
Hi.
I saw you on TV.
I didn't ask for this.
He chose me.
Do you understand?
You can't stop me.
I've been delivered.
To feed the beast,
I've become something
different, something more.
And you, you're a bug.
A tiny, worthless insect
in the face of his power.
Fuck you.
Close your eyes, cop.
Close your eyes.
Cherish the darkness,
for soon you will bear
witness to his plan.
And only then
will I take your miserable little life.
Where are they, Kurt?
Get the fuck off my property.
Where's my wife?!
She's somewhere safe.
She'll call you when she's ready.
You are fucking with my family, Kurt.
My wife, my son.
Do you have any idea what I will
fucking do to you for that?
Where's Watts?
Watts is dead.
Where's Maggie?
She doesn't want to see you.
Fuck you. You don't get
to fucking tell me that.
I just did. I'm going into my house.
In two minutes, if you're still here,
I'll come back out.
Trust me, you don't want
me to come back out.
Kurt.
Do you remember Dad used to take us
to the dogfights over in Vandergrift?
Yeah.
I remember I once asked him...
if the matches ever ended in a tie.
And he laughed at me
and he said,
"There's only ever one way
that a dogfight ends."
You remember that?
Yeah, I remember.
There's only one way, Kurt.
I know.
Deva!
- Are you hurt?
- No.
Come on. Come on.
Get out there. Get on the roof.
- What?
- Go, go, go!
Here, take this. Safety's off.
Two hands. Point and squeeze.
Find a place to hide, wait.
You stay safe.
Go.
Now!
No.
I am sick and tired...
...of fighting for my
motherfucking life.
Damn.
Where's Deva?
Deva.
Are you hurt?
Give me this.
I'm sorry.
Deva.
Slow down. Slow down.
You okay? You hurt?
Okay.
I just want to go home.
I know.
The thing is, I don't
know where that is.
Come here.
Underwood, tell me you have something.
The judge unsealed the file.
The victim on that statutory
rape is a Kim Newton.
She still lives in the area.
- You got an address?
- Just emailed it to you.
You're the best. I owe you.
You owe me many.
What is it with this fucking town?
Can't we go one week without some
motherfucking army shooting at us?
Seems like you handled it fine.
That's because it's already
become a motherfucking habit.
Thank you.
Baby, there's a whole world out there.
So they tell me.
What the fuck happened here?
Proctor.
What are you doing messing with him?
Are you kidding me?
You don't get to walk into my life
every few years and question me.
Hey, hey, Deva could have
been fucking killed.
Get out of here.
- Come on, Ana.
- Get the fuck out of here!
Who the fuck do you think you
are saying that shit to me?!
Do you think I don't know what
could have happened there?!
You think I don't know what...
Hey, hey, stop.
It's okay.
Hello. Can I help you?
Kim Newton?
Yes.
My parents were the ones
that called the police.
I was 15, Declan, he was 25.
I was a quiet girl.
You know, I didn't have
many friends in school.
Always the kid in the back row.
Nobody really paid any attention to me.
And then I met Declan.
He told me I was beautiful and
I could tell he meant it.
I had never even been kissed before
and here was this handsome older guy
falling head over heels in love with me.
And I understand now that I
was young and impressionable
and he manipulated me, but, you know...
I still think he loved me
and I know I loved him.
So what happened?
My dad found out.
He wanted to go after
Declan with a tire iron,
but my mother convinced him
to call the police instead.
Oh, I cried for days.
And the sex?
Was it perverse in any way?
It was intense, but, no,
I wouldn't say it was perverse.
Is Declan in some kind of trouble?
He's a person of interest.
When was the last time you spoke to him?
The night he was arrested.
After that, I never saw him again.
It's a nice piece of property you have.
Oh, thanks. My parents left it to me.
Well, if you think of anything else,
give me a call.
- Thanks for your time.
- Yeah.
Hey, it's Veronica.
You disappeared on me this morning.
But, anyway, I tracked down
our statutory rape victim.
She said all the right things,
but my bullshit meter is ringing.
Anyway, I'm going back to the hotel,
so call me and I'll fill you in on my...
Oh, shit.
I heard you were looking for me.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org